Update readme (#25)
ostis-ai/sc-web: README.md

> # SC-Web

Reviewer: Let's add license as in others projects

Author: The license of this project is a topic for discussion. I agree that we should add a license, but we don't have one yet, and it looks like a separate PR anyway 🤔

## About
SC-Web is an intelligent knowledge base user interface. Currently, it is a part of [OSTIS Web Platform](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform). 

> The long term idea of this project is to create a universal rendering mechanism for interfaces defined inside knowledge bases.

Reviewer 2: I'll propose you what you can write this soon :)

Author: Leaving as-is for now. I agree that we should update this text when the project will become a bit more mature though!

## Demo

![sc-web-demo](https://github.com/ostis-ai/ostis-project/raw/sc-web-demo/docs/sc-web-demo.gif)

## Quick start

> We are providing `ostis/sc-web` Docker image to ease the integration of this UI with existing OSTIS-systems

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are providing `ostis/sc-web` Docker image to ease the integration of this UI with existing OSTIS-systems.
```

> We are providing `ostis/sc-web` Docker image to ease the integration of this UI with existing OSTIS-systems.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We provide the `ostis/sc-web` Docker image to simplify the integration of this UI with existing OSTIS-systems.
```

```sh
# Connect to remote sc-server (or another Docker container)
docker run --rm -it -p 8000:8000 ostis/sc-web:latest --server_host=<ip or hostname>
# Connect to server hosted on localhost
docker run --rm -it --network=host ostis/sc-web:latest
```

## Installation

  If you're using Ubuntu, you can install dependencies using our script:

  ```sh
  cd sc-web/scripts
  ./install_deps_ubuntu.sh
  pip3 install -r requirements.txt
  npm install
  ```

  Otherwise, the following dependencies should be installed:

  - python3
  - pip
  - nodejs
  - npm
  - grunt-cli
  - python modules: tornado, sqlalchemy, numpy, configparser, py-sc-client

  ### Building

```sh
npm run build
```

  ### Running

>   SC-Web requires `sc-server` to be up and running.

Reviewer 2: with kb?

Author: That's debatable. 
Recently we had a discussion on whether sc-server should be able to start without a KB at all, so it depends on `sc-machine` project rather than this one. Now it can't start without a KB being built, so `up and running` implies having a working KB.

Either way all the necessary KB fragments are populated during the startup of sc-web, so **technically** it should be possible to start it with an empty KB and everything will work fine. Testing needed 🤔

  
Use included scripts to launch the server:

```sh
cd sc-web/scripts
./run_scweb.sh`
``` 

> The UI will listen at localhost:8000.

Reviewer 4: Should we add some information about configuration?

Author: Sounds like a good idea! We should decide which configuration we'll document though, because we have 2 mechanisms for this:
- the `app.py` flags
- the `sc-web.ini` file. 

In case of the former, I do not like the idea of posting the `--help` section of it, though we could note that it's possible to learn more about the script using this flag. In case of the latter - I know literally nothing about this config file, so some suggestions would be appreciated 😄

Reviewer 5: I think it'd be good, but it's not high priority so we could hold this change for a while
